.TH MYMOVIEBOOK 1 2019\-01\-05
.SH NAME

.B mymoviebook:
Changer le propri\('etaire et les permissions des fichiers et des r\('epertoires r\('ecursivement.
.SH SYNOPSIS

mymoviebook usage: mymoviebook [\-h] [\-\-version] [\-\-insert | \-\-generate] [\-\-user USER]
                   [\-\-port PORT] [\-\-host HOST] [\-\-db DB] [\-\-output OUTPUT]
                   [\-\-format {PDF,ODT}]
.SH LA DESCRIPTION

.PP
Cette application a les paramètres obligatoires suivants :
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-insert
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Inserts a directory with movies with the index of the last directory numeric name.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-generate
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Generates the movie collection document
.RE
.RE
.PP
Postgresql database connection parameters:
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-user
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
User of the database. By default 'postgres'.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-port
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Database port. By default '5432'
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-host
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Database server. By default '127.0.0.1'.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-db
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Database name. By default 'mymoviebook'.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-output
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Path where the movie book it's going to be generated. You can use this parameter as many times as you want.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-format
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
You can choose PDF or ODT arguments. PDF is used by default.
.RE
.RE
.SH EXEMPLES

.PP
.RS
.B Insert movies with index 23
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
mymoviebook \-\-insert /path/to/my/movies/23
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
This command insert in database all movies (up to 6) in 23 directory. Each film must have it's cover with the same filename.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Generate a book with all movies in the database
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
mymoviebook \-\-generate \-\-output /home/user/mymoviecollection.pdf
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
This command generates a movie book in the output path.
.RE
.RE
